Previously on Teen Wolf.
It was too dark to see much,
but I'm pretty sure it was a wolf.
Is this a party or a date?
Maybe both.
And her name is?
Allison.
Everything in my life is somehow perfect.
Why are you trying to ruin it?
You're cursed, Scott.
You want to be a little
high school amateur?
Or do you want to go pro?
A wolf could chase down its prey,
hobbling it by tearing at the ankles.
You know, you've got everyone
thinking everything's fine and
normal about you, but don't
think for a second I've given
up on finding out what
your little secret is.
Jackson, if you need to
leave early for any reason,
you let me know.
You think he's the Alpha?
We're about to find out.
Lock it, lock it!
Do I look like I have a key?
Grab something!
- What?
- Anything!
- No.
- Yes.
Stiles, no, don't.
Come back, come back!
Stiles!
Sync by YYeTs.net
Corrected by Addic7ed.com
www.addic7ed.com
Where is it?
Where'd it go?
That won't hold, will it?
Probably not.
The desk.
Shh, stop, stop.
The door's not gonna keep it out.
- I know.
- I hate your boss.
What?
Deaton, the Alpha?
Your boss.
- No.
- Yes, murdering psycho werewolf.
They can't be.
Oh, come on.
He disappears, and that thing
shows up ten seconds later to
toss Derek 20 feet through the air?
That's not convenient timing?
It's not him.
He killed Derek.
No, Derek's not dead.
He can't be dead.
Blood spurted out of his mouth, okay?
That doesn't exactly
qualify as a minor injury.
He's dead, and we're next.
Okay, just...
What do we do?
We get to my jeep, we get out of here,
you seriously think about
quitting your job, good?
No, they don't open.
The school's climate-controlled.
Then we break it.
Which will make a lot of noise.
Then we run really fast.
Really fast.
Stiles, what's wrong with the
hood of your jeep?
What do you mean?
Nothing's wrong.
It's bent.
Dented?
No, I mean bent.
What the hell ha--
That's my battery.
Don't. We have to move.
He could be right outside.
He is right outside.
Just let me take a look.
Anything?
No.
Move now?
Move now.
This way.
- No, no, no, no.
- What?
Somewhere without windows.
Every single room in this
building has windows.
Or somewhere with less windows.
The locker room.
Yeah. Okay.
Call your dad.
And tell him what?
I don't know, anything.
Gas leak, a fire, whatever.
If that thing sees the parking
lot filled with cop cars, it'll take off.
What if it doesn't?
What if it goes completely terminator
and kills every cop in sight,
including my dad?
They have guns.
Yeah, and Derek had to be
shot with a wolfsbane-laced
bullet to even slow him
down, you remember that?
Then we...We have to...
We have to find a way out
and just run for it.
There's nothing near the
school for at least a mile.
What about Derek's car?
That could work.
We go outside, we get
the keys off his body,
ugh, and then we take his car.
And him.
Fine. Whatever.
I think I heard something.
Like what?
Shh, quiet.
Hide.
No, no, Stiles. No.
Ah! Oh!
Shh.
- Son of a bitch!
- Quiet!
Quiet my ass, what the hell
are you trying to do, kill me?
Both of you get out.
Just listen for half a second, okay?
Not okay.
Get the hell out of here right now.
God, just one second to explain.
Just shut up and go.
Ah!
No, no.
Lydia says we're coming to get you.
Please don't.
I'm sure he's on his way.
He's only...26 minutes late.
You here that?
First it's "He's only 26 minutes late,"
a month later it's "He only
hits me when he's drunk."
Slippery slope, Allison.
Slippery slope.
We're picking you up.
No.
Too late.
Lydia gets what Lydia wants.
Come on, get in.
We can stop by his place
and see if he's there.
Hmm, is that him with the
best explanation ever of why
he's half a freaking hour late?
Not exactly.
What the hell?
It's a dumpster.
He pushed it in front of the door.
To block us in.
Come on, help me.
Ugh, stop!
I'm not dying here.
I'm not dying at school.
We're not going to die.
God, what is he doing?
What does he want?
Me.
Derek says it's stronger with a pack.
Yeah, great.
A psychotic werewolf who's into teen wolf.
That's--that's beautiful.
What're we doing here anyway?
All I got was this.
They lock the doors at night, you know?
That one's open.
You don't need me to state
the obvious, right?
That it looks like they
broke into the school?
No, pretty obvious.
Do you want me to come with you?
Mm, it's okay.
Hey, Allison...
You have this look like you're
about to say "be careful."
I am.
What?
That concerned look on you,
I've never seen it before.
Well, I am concerned.
Well, that's a good look on you.
Don't worry.
I'll be right back.
Okay.
All right, we have to do something.
Like what?
I don't know.
Kill it, hurt it, inflict mental
anguish on it--something.
Wait a minute, no--
Shh, shh, shh.
The desk. Come on, the desk.
He can't...
All right.
Do you see that?
See what?
The hood on that piece of crap
jeep looks crappier than usual.
Where are you going?
To take a look, stay here.
I'm not staying in the car.
Just stay in the damn--
Do not leave me alone in the car.
Fine.
God, don't have a meltdown.
Look at that.
It is indeed a piece of crap.
Can we get Allison and leave now?
What are you doing?
Are you getting Allison?
Jackson!
Oh!
Come on, get across.
Come on!
What?
What are you doing?
I just wanna get a look at it.
Are you crazy?
Look, it's trapped, okay?
It's not gonna get out.
Yeah, that's right, we got you--
Will you shut up!
I'm not scared of this thing.
I'm not scared of you.
Right, 'cause you're in there,
and we're out here.
You're not going any--
Scott?
There's one right here.
Are you kidding me?
You have to use the bathroom now?
Yes now.
You have a problem with my showing
a basic biological function?
You know, I'm starting to have a
problem with all of your functions.
McCall.
Scott?
Derek?
Did you find them?
No, no.
Wait.
Do you hear that?
Hear what?
It sounds like a phone ringing.
What?
I know that ring.
It's Allison's phone.
Hey.
I can't seem to find them.
Okay, give me a second
and I'll be right there.
Stiles?
It's me, where are you?
I'm in the school looking for you,
why weren't you at my place?
Where are you right now?
On the first floor.
Where? Where are you exactly?
The swimming pools.
Get to the lobby.
Go now.
Okay, okay, I'm coming.
Why did you come?
What are you doing here?
Because you asked me to.
I asked you to?
Why do I get the feeling you
didn't send this message?
Because I didn't.
Did you drive here?
Jackson did.
Jackson's here too?
And Lydia, what's going on?
Who sent this text?
Where are you?
Finally.
Can we go now?
Run!
Help me get this in front of the door.
Scott, wait, not here.
What was that?
Scott, what was that?
What came out of the ceiling?
Will you just help me?
The chairs, stack the chairs.
Guys...
Can we just wait a second?
You guys, listen to me, w--
Can we wait a second?
Guys?
Stiles talking.
Can we hang on one second, please?
Hello!
Okay, nice work.
Really beautiful job, everyone.
Now...What should we do about
the 20 foot wall of windows?
Can somebody please explain
to me what's going on,
because I'm freaking out here.
And I would like to know why.
Scott?
Somebody killed the janitor.
What?
Yeah, the janitor's dead.
What's he talking about?
Is this a joke?
What, who killed him?
No, no, no, no.
This was supposed to be over.
The mountain lion killed--
No, don't you get it?
There wasn't a mountain lion.
Who was it?
What does he want?
What's happening?
Scott!
I-I don't know.
I-I just...
If we go out there, he's gonna kill us.
Us?
He's gonna kill us?
Who?
Who is it?
It's Derek.
It's Derek Hale.
Derek killed the janitor?
Are you sure?
I saw him.
- The mountain li--
- No, Derek killed them.
All of them?
Yeah, starting with his own sister.
The bus driver?
And the guy in the video store--it's
been Derek the whole time.
He's in here with us.
And if we don't get out now...
He's going to kill us too.
Call the cops.
No.
Wh--what do you mean "No?"
I mean no.
You wanna hear it in Spanish?
No.
Look, Derek killed three people, okay?
We don't know what he's armed with.
Your dad is armed with an
entire sheriff's department.
Call him.
I'm calling.
No, Lydia, would you just hold on a second.
Hey.
Yes, we're at beacon hills high school.
We're trapped, and we need you to--
But--
She hung up on me.
The police hung up on you?
She said they got a tip warning them that
there are gonna be prank calls about
a break-in to the high school.
She said if I called again that
they're gonna trace it
and have me arrested.
Okay, then call again.
No, they won't trace a cell.
Then they'll send a car to your
house before they send anyone here.
What the--what--
What is this?
Why does Derek wanna kill us?
Why is he killing anyone?
Why's everyone looking at me?
Is he the one that sent her the text?
No.
I mean, I don't know.
Is he the one that called the police?
I don't know!
All right, why don't we just back
off the throttle here, yeah?
Okay, first off, throwing Derek
under the bus, nicely done.
I didn't know what to say.
I had to say something.
And if he's dead then it
doesn't matter, right?
Except if he's not.
Oh, God, I totally just bit her head off.
And she'll totally get over it.
Bigger issues at hand here,
like how do we get out alive?
But we are alive.
It could've killed us already.
It's like it's cornering us or something.
So what, he wants to eat
us all at the same time?
No!
Derek said it wants revenge.
Against who?
Allison's family?
Maybe that's what the text was about.
Someone had to send it.
Okay, assheads...
New plan.
Stiles calls his useless dad and tells him
to send someone with a gun and decent aim.
Are we good with that?
He's right.
Tell him the truth if you
have to, just call him.
I'm not watching my dad get eaten alive.
All right, give me the phone.
Jackson!
Are you okay?
Hey, are you okay?
Dad, hey, it's me.
And it's your voicemail.
Look, I need you to call me back now.
Like, right now.
We're at the school, okay?
We're at the school.
Go away.
Oh, my God.
The kitchen, the door out of the
kitchen leads to the stairwell.
Which only goes up.
Up is better than here.
Jackson, how many people
can fit in your car?
Five, if someone squeezes on someone's lap.
Five?
I barely fit in the back.
It doesn't matter.
There's no getting out
without drawing attention.
What about this?
This leads to the roof.
We can go down the fire escape to
the parking lot in, like, seconds.
That's a deadbolt.
The janitor has a key.
You mean his body has it.
I can get it.
I can find him by scent, by blood.
Well, gee, that sounds like
an incredibly terrible idea.
What else you got?
I'm getting the key.
Are you serious?
Well, it's the best plan.
Someone has to get the key
if we wanna get out of here.
You can't go out there unarmed.
Well, it's better than nothing.
There's gotta be something else.
There is.
What are we gonna do? Throw acid on him?
No.
Like a fire bomb.
In there is everything you need
to make a self-igniting Molotov cocktail.
Self-igniting--
Molotov cocktail.
What?
I read it somewhere.
We don't have a key for that either.
Jackson, hand me the sulfuric acid.
No.
No, this is insane, you can't do this.
You cannot go out there.
We can't just sit here waiting for Stiles
to have to check his messages.
You could die.
Don't you get that?
He's killed three people.
And we're next.
Somebody has to do something.
Scott, just stop.
Do you remember--
Do you remember when you told me
you knew whether or not I was lying?
That I had a tell.
So do you.
You're a horrible liar.
And you've been lying all night.
Just...
Just please--please don't go.
Please don't leave us.
Please.
Lock it behind me.
I don't get this.
I don't get why he's out there,
and why he left us.
And I can't...
I can't stop my hands from shaking.
It's okay.
Okay, it's gonna be okay.
Okay.
Jackson, you handed me the
sulfuric acid, right?
It has to be sulfuric acid.
It won't ignite if it's not.
I gave you exactly what
you asked for, didn't I?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm sure you did.
Come on.
Come get me.
Damn it.
Uh, no, I'm fine.
Like, seriously, I'm okay.
That didn't sound okay at all.
What's on the back of your neck?
I said I'm fine.
It's been there for days.
He won't tell me what happened.
As if you actually care.
All right, can we not argue
for half a second here?
Where's Scott? He should be back by now.
Back by now.
Scott!
Where's he going?
Scott.
Scott! Scott!
Stop.
Stop!
Do you hear that?
Listen.
You sure it was Derek Hale?
Yes.
I saw him too.
What about the janitor?
We're still looking.
Did you check under the bleachers?
Under them?
Yeah, Scott, we looked.
We pulled them out just like
you asked, there's nothing.
I'm not making this up.
I know, I believe you, I do.
No, you don't.
You have this look like
you feel bad for me.
Like you wanna believe me,
but I know you don't.
Listen...
We're gonna search this whole school.
We're gonna find him.
Okay?
I promise.
Sheriff!
Stay.
Both of you.
Well, we survived, dude.
You know? We outlasted the Alpha.
It's still good, right?
Being alive?
When we were in the chemistry
room, he walked right by us.
You don't think that it heard us?
You don't think it knew
exactly where we were?
Well, then how come we're still alive?
It wants me in it's pack.
But I think, first...
I have to get rid of my old pack.
What do you mean? What old pack?
Allison.
Jackson, Lydia.
You.
The Alpha doesn't wanna kill us.
It wants me to do it.
And that's not even the worst part.
How in holy hell is that
not the worst part, Scott?
Because when he made me shift...
I wanted to do it.
I wanted to kill you.
All of you.
There you are.
How...?
How you--
Get out?
Not easily.
And from what they tell me,
I'm alive because of you.
I think I owe you a raise.
Guys, come on, let's let
the EMT's do their job.
You can talk to him later.
Allison!
Are you okay?
My dad's on his way.
You need--you need anything from me?
Want me to go with you?
No.
I don't.
Okay.
And I also don't know what
happened to you in there.
I don't know what you were thinking.
Maybe you weren't, but...
Right now, I don't--I don't
feel like I can trust you.
- Allison, I can explain.
- I don't care.
Okay, don't say anything else,
please, just don't say--
- Scott, I ca--
- Allison, just stop.
Please, just don't say anything.
Stiles' dad is gonna give me a ride home.
I need to make sure my
mom isn't freaking out.
I'm gonna get a new phone
tomorrow morning, and--
- Scott--
- I'm gonna get a new phone,
and I'm gonna give you a call--
Don't.
What?
Don't call.
Just...
Just please don't call me.
Sync by YYeTs.net
Corrected by Addic7ed.com
www.addic7ed.com